OSDOCS#7498: Adding known issue related to GCP service account (#63930)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

// TODO: This known issue should carry forward to 4.9 and beyond!
* The `oc annotate` command does not work for LDAP group names that contain an equal sign (`=`), because the command uses the equal sign as a delimiter between the annotation name and value. As a workaround, use `oc patch` or `oc edit` to add the annotation. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1917280[*BZ#1917280*])

* If the installation program is unable to get all of the projects that are associated with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) service account, the installation fails with the following error message:
+
[source,text]
----
FATAL failed to fetch Install Config: failed to fetch dependency of "Install Config": failed to fetch dependency of "Base Domain": failed to generate asset "Platform": failed to get projects: context deadline exceeded
----
+
This behavior occurs when the following conditions are met:
** The service account has access to an excessive number of projects.

> ** The installation program is run with `create cluster` and `create manifests`, without specifying an existing installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`).

Reviewer: It can also happen when running `create install-config`

+

> As a workaround, manually create an `install-config.yaml` file, and enter a specific project id to use (`platform.gcp.projectID`). Run the installation program again, referencing the existing file.

Reviewer: Technically speaking, we don't reference the `install-config.yaml` file directly, it just needs to be in the directory used as workplace.

* If the installation program is unable to get all of the projects that are associated with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) service account, the installation fails with a `context deadline exceeded` error message.
+
This behavior occurs when the following conditions are met:

** The service account has access to an excessive number of projects.
** The installation program is run with one of the following commands:
*** `openshift-install create install-config`.
+
.Error message
[source,text]
----
FATAL failed to fetch Install Config: failed to fetch dependency of "Install Config": failed to fetch dependency of "Base Domain": failed to generate asset "Platform": failed to get projects: context deadline exceeded
----
*** `openshift-install create cluster` without an existing installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`).
+
.Error message
[source,text]
----
ERROR failed to fetch Master Machines: failed to load asset "Install Config": failed to create install config: platform.gcp.project: Internal error: context deadline exceeded
----

> *** `openshift-install create manifests` with an existing installation configuration file.

Reviewer 2: The suggestion: 
`openshift-install create manifests` without or with an existing installation configuration file.

* If the installation program is unable to get all of the projects that are associated with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) service account, the installation fails with a `context deadline exceeded` error message.
+
This behavior occurs when the following conditions are met:

** The service account has access to an excessive number of projects.
** The installation program is run with one of the following commands:
*** `openshift-install create install-config`.
+
.Error message
[source,text]
----
FATAL failed to fetch Install Config: failed to fetch dependency of "Install Config": failed to fetch dependency of "Base Domain": failed to generate asset "Platform": failed to get projects: context deadline exceeded
----
*** `openshift-install create cluster` without an existing installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`).
+
.Error message
[source,text]
----

> ERROR failed to fetch Master Machines: failed to load asset "Install Config": failed to create install config: platform.gcp.project: Internal error: context deadline exceeded

Reviewer 2: Per my [comment](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/63930#issuecomment-1696898157), it should be `FATAL failed to fetch Metadata: failed to fetch dependency of "Metadata": failed to fetch dependency of "Cluster ID": failed to fetch dependency of "Install Config": failed to fetch dependency of "Base Domain": failed to generate asset "Platform": failed to get projects: context deadline exceeded`, thanks!

----
*** `openshift-install create manifests` with or without an existing installation configuration file.
+
.Error message
[source,text]
----

> FATAL failed to fetch Metadata: failed to fetch dependency of "Metadata": failed to fetch dependency of "Cluster ID": failed to fetch dependency of "Install Config": failed to fetch dependency of "Base Domain": failed to generate asset "Platform": failed to get projects: context deadline exceeded

Reviewer 2: Per my [comment](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/63930#issuecomment-1696898157), it should be `ERROR failed to fetch Master Machines: failed to load asset "Install Config": failed to create install config: platform.gcp.project: Internal error: context deadline exceeded`, thanks!

// TODO: This known issue should carry forward to 4.9 and beyond!
* The `oc annotate` command does not work for LDAP group names that contain an equal sign (`=`), because the command uses the equal sign as a delimiter between the annotation name and value. As a workaround, use `oc patch` or `oc edit` to add the annotation. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1917280[*BZ#1917280*])

> * If the installation program is unable to get all of the projects that are associated with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) service account, the installation fails with a `context deadline exceeded` error message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* If the installation program cannot get all of the projects that are associated with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) service account, the installation fails with a `context deadline exceeded` error message.
```
Minor edit for minimalism.

+
This behavior occurs when the following conditions are met:

** The service account has access to an excessive number of projects.
** The installation program is run with one of the following commands:

> *** `openshift-install create install-config`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*** `openshift-install create install-config`
```
None of the sub-bullets are complete sentences, so they don't need to end with periods.

+
.Error message
[source,text]
----
FATAL failed to fetch Install Config: failed to fetch dependency of "Install Config": failed to fetch dependency of "Base Domain": failed to generate asset "Platform": failed to get projects: context deadline exceeded
----

> *** `openshift-install create cluster` without an existing installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*** `openshift-install create cluster` without an existing installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`)
```

+
.Error message
[source,text]
----
FATAL failed to fetch Metadata: failed to fetch dependency of "Metadata": failed to fetch dependency of "Cluster ID": failed to fetch dependency of "Install Config": failed to fetch dependency of "Base Domain": failed to generate asset "Platform": failed to get projects: context deadline exceeded
----

> *** `openshift-install create manifests` with or without an existing installation configuration file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*** `openshift-install create manifests` with or without an existing installation configuration file
```

+
.Error message
[source,text]
----
ERROR failed to fetch Master Machines: failed to load asset "Install Config": failed to create install config: platform.gcp.project: Internal error: context deadline exceeded
----
+

> As a workaround, if you have an existing installation configuration file, update it with a specific project id to use (`platform.gcp.projectID`). Otherwise, manually create an installation configuration file, and enter a specific project id. Run the installation program again, specifying the existing file. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-15238[*OCPBUGS-15238*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As a workaround, if you have an installation configuration file, update it with a specific project id to use (`platform.gcp.projectID`). Otherwise, manually create an installation configuration file, and enter a specific project id. Run the installation program again, specifying the file. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-15238[*OCPBUGS-15238*])
```
In most cases, you can remove "existing" and the sentence will retain its meaning.

Author: @lahinson Appreciate the review. All made good sense.
